Hello, I'm Kisho Williams.
Welcome to my course,
web services and APIs.
Today, I'm going to teach you about using
a third-party RESTful API or SOAP-based web service in your existing applications.
Third parties simply means it was developed by another developer or organization.
If there's a third party service already on the market,
it will jumpstart your development process.
I will teach you about REST template which Spring
provides for programmatically calling REST APIs.
We will look at Jackson,
which is a library that serializes or maps Java objects to JSON and vice versa.
Next, I will teach you about consuming a SOAP-base API.
We will discuss Spring web services which provides functionality to
automatically generate the files you need in order to consume a SOAP web service.
We will look at the code generation process and create
a client to invoke the web service using the generated code.
So let's get started.